got the game face on as they desperately
seek a 4dr bonus points tonight they're
up against the Cheetahs from South
Africa bearing week to a bear off to
Asian to us and they too are eager to
secure a victory and more is almost over
frozen at the back door picked up and
they're going to go upstairs to the
question is does it catch a little bit
of a line there yeah I'll give you a
reason we should fix us now all the
bodies of guitar inside ball to Rosie
the riff singles in it it opened up can
I keep it down
photo
listen to the crown
the batter's point they saying
that's more like it victorious goes in
digging and having a dad
is anything on the fennec for a couple
of minutes and sorrell victorious gets
the try for the Cheetahs sips his
alexander
go upstairs to have a look
did he buy it immediately he had it on
this control it touch through it Jordan
and then when again that's a try can you
reason why should work
and the Brumbies laying down they get
the penalty again an animosity Cooper
wants to take it quickly hey stinky brew
his first try of the year animesh lee
cooper
what is little tasting Mabel they go to
keep defending save that feel like once
they're out of cheat long made some
pretty good attitude over the coming
weeks and that is it's a try try to the
cheaters so I haven't put up the white
flag and if anyone deserves that it's a
man that scored the try agreein strauss
he's hitless Nelson gives it to fibs and
running weather is tomorrow time time
great set move elsom will try and score
look
is his first for the Brumbies full time
at cowboy stadium the Brumbies debate
the Cheetahs by 61 points to 15